alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     test          1      0.00   0   1         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     test          1      0.00   0   1         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     flat50-1      1      0.48   NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     flat50-1      1      0.58   NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     flat50-1      1      0.14   NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     flat50-1      1      0.02   NA  NA        
